my name is to the glory of river alive in
boilers this bends the cradle I'm going to
prepare the typical dish that we have
here in our community that is the
diablito she is a bush of cabuya here
we tell him cabuya tells him to be a
spike and spike coming out
these parts
this is the little flower yes and then to this
s way so you are ready to go to
collect because they feed us from
prepare we put chives and onions
sweet paprika chili tomato and when
we also have the coriander we put
today I will prepare them with sardine
and with eggs and we will accompany it with
fields to bring the little devils and or
lakes is what we put in a pot with
water we put it to cook
while here they cook the
diablitos will start implementing the
dressings I'll start with the paprika the
I turned my chin to diced
and does not want to prepare liquefy it
oven the dressings it does but always to
I like to prepare them and chopping the
Africans all this
already here I will place the paprika
to continue chopping an onion
this so that we are that I am I am going to
prepare today with diablitos are
harvested here in our community
Now I'm going to place the scallion that
is what gives more flavor and taste
the little devil
Now I'm going to put the tomato
we do not put it on it, it gets more proper
a small tpc socket
already like the little devils are going to be me
I'm going to prepare the sardines, I'm going to
take it off
the income from inside the bones and
will separate the fingers
well, the sardine is ready now
I'm going to strain the little devils
The devils are ready
here the flight
we wash them because they are very hot
one if you want to leave it three days with the
same water is left and three days
it removes the water it washes three times
with a line but like this also what
we do like that the same day and now I'm going
to re-strain to let it rest and
wash it with cold water and then right now
I start preparing food or
fry right now we put the oil
with the onoto
I will see you we are placing ourselves
the seasonings are ready now we give it
I'm going to put the sardine first and
after
Y
today we 're going to put the good ones
it is like a mojito criollos
here they get the water that was washed
and you're ready to put it there
two
well, it's almost going to be
a little bit of salt the devils are already
ready and here of the typical food that
we have here in boilers